README.md, before:

# NxSingleSpaDemo

This project was generated using [Nx](https://nx.dev).

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/nx-logo.png" width="450"></p>

🔎 **Nx is a set of Extensible Dev Tools for Monorepos.**

## Adding capabilities to your workspace

Nx supports many plugins which add capabilities for developing different types of applications and different tools.

These capabilities include generating applications, libraries, etc as well as the devtools to test, and build projects as well.

Below are some plugins which you can add to your workspace:

- [React](https://reactjs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/react`
- Web (no framework frontends)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/web`
- [Angular](https://angular.io)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/angular`
- [Nest](https://nestjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/nest`
- [Express](https://expressjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/express`
- [Node](https://nodejs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/node`

## Generate an application

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:app my-app` to generate an application.

> You can use any of the plugins above to generate applications as well.

When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.

## Generate a library

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:lib my-lib` to generate a library.

> You can also use any of the plugins above to generate libraries as well.

Libraries are sharable across libraries and applications. They can be imported from `@nx-single-spa-demo/mylib`.

## Development server

Run `nx serve my-app` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:component my-component --project=my-app` to generate a new component.

## Build

Run `nx build my-app` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `nx test my-app` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Run `nx affected:test` to execute the unit tests affected by a change.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e my-app` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io).

Run `nx affected:e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests affected by a change.

## Understand your workspace

Run `nx dep-graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of your projects.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.

Commit message:

updated the README.md with react-micro-app build & serve information

README.md, after:

## Development server

Run `nx serve react-micro-app` for a dev server. Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build

Run `nx build react-micro-app` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.
This uses webpack.config.js that was suggested in the Single-spa website https://single-spa.js.org/docs/create-single-spa#webpack-config-single-spa-react

## Running unit tests

Run `nx test react-micro-app` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Run `nx affected:test` to execute the unit tests affected by a change.

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e react-micro-app` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io).

Run `nx affected:e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests affected by a change.


# NxSingleSpaDemo

This project was generated using [Nx](https://nx.dev).

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nrwl/nx/master/nx-logo.png" width="450"></p>

🔎 **Nx is a set of Extensible Dev Tools for Monorepos.**

## Adding capabilities to your workspace

Nx supports many plugins which add capabilities for developing different types of applications and different tools.

These capabilities include generating applications, libraries, etc as well as the devtools to test, and build projects as well.

Below are some plugins which you can add to your workspace:

- [React](https://reactjs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/react`
- Web (no framework frontends)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/web`
- [Angular](https://angular.io)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/angular`
- [Nest](https://nestjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/nest`
- [Express](https://expressjs.com)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/express`
- [Node](https://nodejs.org)
  - `npm install --save-dev @nrwl/node`

## Generate an application

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:app my-app` to generate an application.

> You can use any of the plugins above to generate applications as well.

When using Nx, you can create multiple applications and libraries in the same workspace.

## Generate a library

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:lib my-lib` to generate a library.

> You can also use any of the plugins above to generate libraries as well.

Libraries are sharable across libraries and applications. They can be imported from `@nx-single-spa-demo/mylib`.


## Code scaffolding

Run `nx g @nrwl/react:component my-component --project=my-app` to generate a new component.


## Understand your workspace

Run `nx dep-graph` to see a diagram of the dependencies of your projects.

## Further help

Visit the [Nx Documentation](https://nx.dev) to learn more.
